Overview

This project consist of three phases

1. Diabetic Dataset:

    1.1 Dataset overview:
    
         Diabetes is a condition that impedes the body's capacity to process blood glucose. Various types of diabetes can take place. 
         Three significant diabetes types evolve Type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes. 
         
         Type I: Also known as juvenile diabetes, this happens when the body neglects to deliver insulin. Patient with type I diabetes 
         is insulin-dependent, which implies they should take drip of insulin day by day to remain alive. 
         
         Type 2: The body makes insulin, unlike in type I. The cells in the body don't react as viably as they once did. This is the 
         most widely recognized diabetes. 
         
         Gestational: This type happens in ladies during pregnancy when the body can turn out to be less touchy to insulin. Gestational 
         diabetes doesn't happen in all ladies and typically resolve after conceiving an offspring.
         
    1.2 Dataset details:
    
         The dataset contain 2000 rows and 09 variables namely, Pregnancies, Glucose, BloodPressure, SkinThickness, Insulin, BMI, 
         DiabetesPedigreeFunction, Age and Outcome. 
             
2. Pre-Processing:

    2.1 Identifying missing values:
    
         With the help of plots and summary statistics, outlier and missing values are not identified in the data. 
         
    2.2 Normalization:
    
        The independent variable is transformed using normalization. It involves scalling all values for given attribute in order to 
        make them fall within a small specified range. 
   
3. Data Visualization:

        The visualization shows the distribution of classes present in the data.
        
4. Classification:

        It predict categorical labels, to categorize patient as either diabetic or non-diabetic. The classification include two steps:
        
        - Building the classifier or model:
        
            The classifier is build from the training set including the data of dependent and independent variable. 
            
        - Using classifier for classification:
        
            The classifier is used for classification. Here the test data is used to estimate the accuracy of models. The classifier can 
            be applied to new data if results is considered as acceptable. 
        
